Debugging CLT_mean shiny applet

The bug:
During applet startup, momentary 'invalid arguments' error messages appear in the
main panel.

Finding the bug:
To find the bug, I first considered the error messages. The fact that the errors
mentioned 'arguments' meant that the cause was coming from how we are passing 
values to the reactive functions that give the outputs. Moreover, since it
is the same error being repeated, I knew that it was a single mistake causing it
and its effect was being propagated throughout the entire applet. Looking at the
code, the values that are being used repeatedly and more than others are those
that are being created by renderUI and displayed in the UI. Having narrowed down
to renderUI and uiOutput as possible causes of the error, I started reading about
them. I found that, sometimes when using renderUI and uiOutput to dynamically
populate the user controls, when the applet launches, the user inputs linked to
renderUI are momentarily non-existent. This seemed like a very good explanation
of what was happening in the applet.

Fixing the bug:
To fix the bug, I used req() to check validity of inputs before using them. req()
check to see if an input is available, and if it is not or if invalid, it prevents
an error message that would have being displayed as a result. This solution worked.
The only problem is, since req() also completely stops the execution of the code 
proceeding it, using req() stops the graphs from being displayed until the user
clicks on the radio buttons a few times. Other options such as validate() seem to
be causing the same effect but I could not find a clear reason.

Ask Mine: maybe use a actionbutton (display plots) that uses observeEvent. You say
something like observeEvent(the inputs{and then the plots.}. Or observeEvent(the 
inputs{an action button to dislay graphs} The only problem is 
onbserveEvent only takes on argument. 


Other changes:
There are a few things I changed in the code. These are as follows:


1. I added wellPanel() to separate user inputs from the additional information
on the UI. I thought these appear better separated since thy are not related.

2. I removed all the req() for inputs not created under renderUI. Since there is 
always a default value for these, I thought using req() on these was unnecessary.

3. I removed the error message that appears when maximum is less than minimum for
the uniform distribution. Instead of an error message, I made it such that, 
maximum adjusts automatically whenever minimum is made greater than maximum and
minimu adjusts automatically whenever maximum is made smaller than minimum. For
this to work I had to change set the highest possible maximum to 21 instead of 20.
This is so that there is at least a difference of 1 between maximum and minimum
when automatically re-adjusting.

Since it takes a few seconds for this automatic change to happen, an erro appears
for a few seconds after the user sets a minimum that is greater than the maximum.
To prevent this, I keep the original code that give the more meaningful error
but change the error message to 'plots reloading ...' and changed the color of
the text to black instead of red.

4. The last change I made is restyle the title of the CLT graph so that there is
some space between the title and the frame of the graph.




